---
title: "Hack tricks to make life easier"
categories:
  - Coding
tags:
  - cheat sheet
date: 2021-09-04
layout: post
---

To stay organized when using the (Windows) computer, I have to rely on various softwares, addons, and scripts. Here, I am keeping some note to facilitate the choirs related to the computer.

## Thunderbird

Thunderbird is my primary email client. I also use Outlook, but usually on Windows computers with compromised performance.

- How to move ThunderBird to a new Windows computer?

Some instructions can be found [here](https://support.mozilla.org/zh-CN/kb/%E5%B0%86%20Thunderbird%20%E7%9A%84%E6%95%B0%E6%8D%AE%E8%BF%81%E7%A7%BB%E5%88%B0%E5%8F%A6%E4%B8%80%E5%8F%B0%E8%AE%A1%E7%AE%97%E6%9C%BA) and [here](https://support.mozilla.org/zh-CN/kb/TB%E7%9A%84%E9%85%8D%E7%BD%AE%E6%96%87%E4%BB%B6#w_hui-fu-dao-yi-ge-bu-tong-de-wei-zhi).

- How to setup the calendar?

The calendar service I use is the Exchange calendar provided by Office365. To view the calendar, the addon `TbSync` shall be installed. In turn, this addon requires `Provider for Exchange ActiveSync` for the Exchange service.

- How to manually change the order of the accounts?

The addon `Manually sort folders`.

- How to backup the email, and save them as `.eml` files locally?

Install the addon `ImportExportTools NG`. It could generate a folder with an html index.

- Some other interesting addons?

  - `Send Later`, postpones the sending of the email.

## Visual Studio Code

## Zotero

- How to sync across different devices?
  - Install [zotero](https://www.zotero.org/).
  - Install the [ZotFile](http://zotfile.com/) addon.
  - Setup Zotero and Zotfile as in the [example]({{ site.baseurl }}/assets/LifeHack/zotero.html).
  - Sync and read.

## A list of necessary softwares

Those in italic are provided by the school.

- Chrome
- A credential management software
- TeXLive
- Visual Studio Code
- Git for Windows
- Github Desktop
- Thunderbird
- Everything
- 7-zip
- Anydesk
- RIME IME
- *Microsoft Office*
- Anydesk
- Zotero
- Calibre
- Adobe Reader
- *Adobe Acrobat*
- SumatraPDF
- Drawboard PDF
- *EndNote*
- Foobar2000
- MuseScore
- *Origin*
- *Adobe illustrator*
- *Adobe Photoshop*
- *Adobe Premier*
- *Adobe Audition*
- *ChemDraw*
- FileZilla
- IrfanView
- R
- RStudio
- matlab
- Anaconda
- IrfanView
- MicroDicom
- Stellerium
- Google Earth
